Sweet or not
My wife flavor
That must be sweet
Brother-in-law, you only care about praising your sister
Then how about I give you an example?
Very good too
Xueying, open the door
Look who it is
I'm giving my sister a massage, I'm not free
Auntie, this is a gift for you.
Wei, what are you doing?
Xiaowei, this trash is not only handsome
Money, no money, no job, no job.
He's a rice worm
Do this to him
How we treat Shen Lang is our business
What do I like about Shen Lang's people?
It's not Shen Lang's money
Then I can support him even if I don't have a job
It's my sister who will raise my brother-in-law
When I graduate and work, I will also raise my brother-in-law
Humph
This loser is using your family as a babysitter
You don't have any time to go like this
Little sister, I really feel sorry.
As long as you promise to divorce him now
I don't care about your past
I will give you the best life.
You just need to stay at home every day
You don't have to look for a job.
Wu Yong, you are too much
Wei, they are already married.
Your family's wealth is your business
We don't care
Please leave.